1. Create a clear menu method, this is just to clean up the leftovers DONE
 of the previous menu and can keep the program nice and concise.

2. Create the pickup item method and some items to             DONE
 pickup

2.5 . one parcel for a quest in the next town and maybe a 
 few random globs of slime around just so the adventurer can   ALMOST DONE
 get more slime, this will most likely just be for another use 
 of the events in case the npc movement falls through. 

3. Get my good ol' battle system up and running from the 
 previous version, more than likely redesigning a few methods 
 to make sure it melds well with the new window setup and  DONE
 other new control features. 

WORKING ON IT gotta balance out the enemy encounter rate DONE


ADD IN POWERFUL ATTACK that deal 40 damage >:) Normal damage 5-10 DONE

4. Provide support for the numbers above the computer 
 and not just the numbers on the numpad. 
 This will be a quick fix and can improve user experience. DONE

5. Finish up all the quests and flesh out town 2, 
 since my npc system was implemented much earlier with
 how I programmed  I will have time to implement a small
 story too keep the player a little entranced since the
 graphics are very simplistic. 

The cave is endgame and will have 4 enemies to fight.
 This will not be too hard to implement after all previous
 steps have been accomplished. Step 1 uses 3 and 4, not to
 mention 5 will have given a reason to fight these 4 enemies.
 1 and 2 is just me finishing up the item system, during this
 I will more than likely throw in a selling system just to speed
 things up with getting potions.

 Mana potions are just for a bit more context. No actual magic included.
 Can be used for quests


 If more time provided i could use mana potions to help keep slime players
 On their toes as they lost slime over time and drinking a mana potion will
 replenish their slime body and allow them to keep form and flesh out the classes
 MUCH more than they are right now.

















CHECK THE MERCHANT HOUSE LEAVE HOUSE THING


FIX INFINITE ROCK THROWING
























